19-01-2023 Research question time

So today, and it was surprising to me, I expected this
to happen next week, Pierre presented me the research
questions my supervisors were considering to give me for
the upcoming months. Since that happened at the start of
my workday (let me not talk about why the start of my
workday was at 1pm), I had trouble focusing on anything
else. There were 3 options, but for me this is essentially
1 major choice and 1 minor choice.

So the major choice is choosing between working on some
automata-related adblocker things or database theory. Why
is that major? I've never done anything even remotely close
to practical. I'm a math major after all. And now I have an
option to work on adblock, which is an incredibly practical
piece of software. And apparently I can apply my theoretical
knowledge there too. Sounds great doesn't it? It's almost
like... it sounds a bit too good. It seems to be checking
all the boxes for the things I've been missing in my 
academic career. But usually when a completely new thing checks
all the boxes, it also unticks some boxes that you had no
idea that were important to you.

Some little background that not all of you probably know.
When I was choosing my uni, I chose the one in the city
that I didn't know over the one my high school was in.
Then I ran a maths club while having ZERO idea on how
students' interests clubs are supposed to look like.
And finally I went for an internship to a country where
I could barely say a sentence in the only language most
people speak. And then I stayed in that country where
I can barely communicate with people, because I had an
opportunity for a new start in a different city, despite
the internship not finishing well. I have an active bias
towards jumping into new and potentially dangerous things.
But here there's doubt. I don't really know where the doubt
comes from. Maybe it's getting old. Maybe it's the part
where I learned over time how important these boxes I 
had no idea existed can be. And that's why the choice is
difficult.

I also mentioned that there was a minor choice, it's between
two database theory topics if I don't choose to go into
adblockers. And I can't even recall what the choices were,
that is how minor that choice is.