25-01-2023 I am frustrated and going nowhere

So yea... Title. So why do I think that and where does the
frustration come from? Well first of all, I can't really test
whether what I understood works. Becuase I can't really write
code. And by that I mean that I could write code, but I asked
for a computer with Windows to avoid it. But then I've chosen
a practical topic, so I'm gonna end up coding things anyway.

Second of all my supervisors are both very busy this week. And
that's also to be expected and stuff, because I can see their
calendars and I knew they would be busy. Still annoying.
Especially because if I actually worked on Monday instead of
taking a day off I would know that I have those questions and
have them answered two days ago. Also questions is the wrong
word. I'd say the word I was looking for is frustrations.
I have an idea which doesn't really work. Then I have another
idea, but my algorithm needs to know certain things to realize
that idea. And I'm very not sure if I can know those things.
I guess I see how to formulate that as a question, just a long
one.

And the last one is even more problematic, because there is an
older PhD student that shares an office with me that worked
on this stuff before. Past tense very very improtant. And he's
nice and all, explaining things to me, but I just don't really
want to bother people asking about things they're not actively
involved in. Seems polite. Maybe it is really silly. I don't
want to have someone that doesn't like working with optimizations
to listen about the optimization I made and tell me whether it
could work from the technical standpoint. Also it's about the
experience and stuff. When I came here I really wanted
mentorship and this is really something I'm looking for in this
situation. So answering stuff like: do I want to learn coding
for this project? How much of it? Should I be continuing to
work on this? Is my idea feasible? Maybe I'm underestimating
my office-mate, but I really want a supervisor to answer a lot
of these questions, because I trust them a lot more.